I want to see your heart beat
Lights
Do you want a music cue?
Music of any kind
Of any kind
Music
Hello, my name is Jeff Johnson
I just came up from the audience
And I was hoping that you had changed for a dollar
What the fuck?
Get out of here, that's crazy
You can't, that's a professional
I'm sorry, my name is Jeff Johnson
I'm sorry, I'm sorry
I'm sorry
I'll say, you could have been a little more polite
I obviously made an honest mistake
I came here with the wife and kids tonight
I'm seeing your show
It's about Chicago, it's about fire bolts
I need to change for a dollar
Your vending machine should accept dollars
If you don't want that to happen
You know, I drive down here
From Racine
And I
Racine, yeah
Racine jokes
Anyways, my name is Jeff Johnson
I don't need to put up with this shit
Music
I don't understand what you guys are saying
Oh, it's 9-Eleven, it's 9-Eleven
Okay, it's 9-Eleven
Music
Jesus
You poor kids
Deprived your 9-Eleven joke
You're like little
You love it
Here we go, here's the third act of the
Music
Oh no
I can't control the inferno
The fire's coming down
And I am sexing all around
Chicago
We are a land of you
C-H-I-C-A-G-O
Period
Woo
Yeah, alright
You got it
That's enough
I know sarcasm when I hear it
So you didn't like it
Big deal
Guess what, I made it up
It took me no time
So you're sitting there judging it
You're like, I didn't like this as much as the other thing
I don't even know what it is
You robot
I just live from
I'm a genius
Can I pitch something to you?
I ate a pizza the other night
Like a whole pizza before I went to sleep
And then I had a dream
But it was a dream
It was a whole fucking like movie
And I wrote it down
When I woke up, can I pitch the movie to you?
I swear to God, this is all a dream
And it's supposed to be a comedy
It's called Hot Rod Parade
It's called, I'm sorry
Hot Rod Parade
Hot rod, like a hot rod
A hot rod
So, Luke is in love with Becky
But she's into Brad
Because he's got the hottest hot rod
That she knows
And she knows it's going to come
In first place at the local Hot Rod Parade
You dreamt this and then wrote it down?
Yeah, I woke up
I'm like, this is an amazing movie
Luke
Wishes he had $500,000
To buy the Turbo 5000
I don't know anything about cars, by the way
I think you become a genius in dreams
For some reason
The Turbo 5000, a hot rod
That would blow Brad's hot rod
Out of the water
But Luke is poor
And his dad is only
A Chinese philosophy teacher
That's like the lowest job of all
Yeah
And he's Chinese
He's a Chinese philosophy teacher
Wait, wait
Go back
What do you mean?
Does he teach Chinese philosophy?
Yeah, and he also happens
Well, I mean, happens
It's no coincidence
How do I know what?
How do you know that from the
Because I dreamed it, I saw it a little squinty
It's your dream, okay, I'm sorry
I'm sorry
So he's a Chinese philosophy teacher
The most underfunded program
In the college
Like you said
Brad's dad, the bad guy
Runs the auto arts and mechanics department
And is not only rich
But makes sure Brad can add
Capitalist accessories
On to his hot rod
You just woke up
And wrote this
Yes
I swear to God
So Luke's dad, the little Chinaman
Tells him
He doesn't need material things
To get Becky
He can get her with his inner light
Luke's just
Embarrassed of his dad
The auto arts class
In order to build a hot rod from scratch
But Brad
Whose dad runs it
Learns the plan and gets his dad to
Thwart Luke around every corner
Luke gets very frustrated
And in his
Final desperation learns to
Overcome his frustrations through meditation
And finds his inner light
I'm only halfway through
When you finished thumbing this in
Did you have to go back to sleep
Because your whole day had gone by
Through this Luke makes the coolest
Hot rod ever regardless of dad's
Brad's thwarting
It's a day before the hot rod parade
And Brad just breaks into the shop
And destroys
I love that it's a hot rod parade
It's not a race
But you still gotta come in first
It's a parade
It's like there's a flag at the end
So
So Brad breaks into the shop
Destroys Luke's hot rod
Luke meditates so much
Inner light
That he is
Observed by a
MacArthur Grant committee member
My friend
Actually in New York
Got the MacArthur grant and I've been
Obsessing over it for years actually
And
He gets an award for his meditation
I don't know if you could get an award
Plus he wins Becky
And his dad says see
It's
It's not your material needs
It's your light that got her
And Luke half heartedly at the end
Says thanks dad
As the old Chinaman leaves
And then Luke winks at the camera
Becky with his brand new turbo 5000
That he bought with the MacArthur grant money
And that's your
That was the dream
Since then I added this
I added like flutes playing
And like you see
Luke's dad from behind like by a pond
Like just sitting peacefully
And just like it's from behind
And you close up on him
And it's just like really beautiful
And then you cut to in front of him
And he's just jacking off
I think that's a good ending
Well sorry what do you think
I had
I went to a therapist once
And he
And he said
And like he was really expensive
And I couldn't keep going to him
But he said
Give yourself permission to have a
Significant dream tonight
When you get home
I have this really significant dream
But I never went back to the guy
Maybe we don't want to be healthy
No we don't
Yeah I don't want to be healthy
I don't think it was
I think I didn't go back to the guy
Because he might have made me sane
Yeah and who wants a sane Harmon
No one
Not crazy Harmon
I don't know
Would you buy that movie
What
I didn't see Karate Kid
But I think it has some Karate Kid in it
What sane Harmon
No my pit
You're such a narcissist
I'm talking about me
Do you remember my pitch
With the Chinese guy
Little Chinaman
Come on
No
You wouldn't buy it
You wouldn't buy my dream
I'd like your dream
Would you buy it
I want it
I want it for a million dollars
I guarantee
The show is going to be over
We're going to be eating Greek food
He's going to say I lied about a million dollars
Alright
I want to do a new thing tonight
We're going to create a karma battery
I want the person
The best night of their life
Somebody left to their feet
Is that a young lady
You
Yes, you
Come up
If you're
Come on down
I don't know what I'm doing
It doesn't matter
Let's see what she has to pitch
What's your name
My name is Camille
Camille, alright, Camille
We know of Camille
I'm from Minnesota
I go to college here
Which college
I go to Columbia College Chicago
Columbia
You know I went to Columbia
I fake graduated there
I pretended I graduated
I stole
Jesus fucking Christ
That's right
Ask Pastor George
I already forgot your name
Camille
Just think of Camille Cosby, right?
No
Why?
Just think of the sound of Camille
It's a name
That's his wife
That's the wife he fucked around on
He gave pills to women
I'm so sorry
Camille, so you're kind of
You're feeling your privilege
You're walking on the fucking cloud
I'm so happy right now
Give me just examples
Just little snatches of it
Okay
So like
Lowkey, you've saved my life a bunch of times
Lowkey? The god of mischief
Saved your life?
That's a Norwegian god, right?
Lowkey
It's going to get really personal
Are you Norwegian?
Or macro cosmological
Maybe
There's a Tesseractin ball
Probably
Sorry
That's the chair
That was the chair
I have a lot of
I
Go ahead
I've had some issues with like mental health in my life
And I've gotten a lot better recently
How did you end up in my audience?
I know, don't let me get there
And I listen to your podcast
And you make me laugh
Well, all of you do
Do I make you laugh too?
Well, tonight you're kind of
On the edge a little bit
Like you said the N word at the beginning
Which N word?
What?
I don't know
Then why are you worried about it?
I like you though, I think you're really funny
I appreciate you
But I would like listen to your podcast
And you would make me laugh
And it would just make me really happy
And I love this whole crowd
Like you guys are the best people in the world
Okay, and the reason that today is
Like the best day of my life, right?
Is because I didn't know that there was a show tonight
But then I found out and it was already sold out
And I was like, oh man, but I got to be here
So I like
Got down here, I took the brown line
And I was just going to like wait in line
And like see what kind of miracles could happen, right?
And
I was waiting out like in the like
At the end of the line and the two most wonderful people
In the world, Spencer and Nicole
They're my new friends
They were behind me talking
And I was like listening to music
Like I was listening to the Ben Folds cover
Of Bitches Ain't Shit
But it was quiet enough
That I could hear Spencer talking behind me
Not this Spencer, not me
And he said that he had a free ticket
Well he didn't have a free ticket, but he had an extra ticket
And I turned around and I was like, dude, you have an extra ticket?
And he was like, yeah, I'll just give it to you
So he gave me his extra ticket
And now I'm here and I'm talking to you
Nice guy, yeah
This is like the best night of my life
So I'm just really happy
Thank you so much
Thank you, Spencer and Nicole
So now you know what I want to do, but it feels terrible
Like I kind of like I just have this weird mad scientist
Directive, like I have to
Find a person who had the worst night tonight
Oh no!
I want to just watch the electricity
Ark
Like between the two people
And listen man
If in your heart
You were really like cranky tonight
And like I had a bad night
Okay, young lady
Do you want to come up?
Yeah
I just kind of, I don't know, curious
Have her stay up here and then
Have them fight it out, like punch out
They don't have any quarrel with each other
It's just that they've had two different nights
Not quarrels, just fight, punch, like a cat fight
Come over here and
Is there
There's a
Dino, you have a mic
Find the candy baby
There we go
Thank you very much
Fool me once
What was your name?
Camilla
Oh my god
Don't touch each other
It's like time cop
This is great
Holy shit, my name's Camilla
I am the best podcast ever
My name's Camilla too
Okay, Camilla, what was your experience?
Well
So I'm an insomniac
Like a lot of people
Like a lot of creative people
Don't go to them
I sleep like a baby, what does that say?
You're the exception
That proves the rule
Find the candy baby
Oh my soul
So about eight years ago
My doctor gave me some
Ambien
And it was amazing
Because I could sleep
Just sleep, just effortlessly sleep
Like the
The joy of just being able to
Fucking go to sleep
And dream, you know what I mean
And feel completely rested the next day
That in and of itself is addictive
But it's also highly
Chemically addictive
So
So my doctor
So my doctor was like
Are you having side effects?
Do you sleep eat or sleep drive?
Or call people?
And I didn't do any of those things
I didn't have hallucinations
I didn't need to keep increasing my dose
So she said just keep taking it
And I was like, I'm taking it every night
And she was like, well
If it's working for you
Go ahead
So like eight years later
I've been taking it every night for eight years
And these studies start coming out
That link at long-term
Ambien used to like
Major instances of like
Early onset dementia
And cancer
And I started actually investigating it
And I learned this drug was never
Designed or intended to be taken
Long-term, like at all
All right, well that makes for a bad night
I think
You deserve a second microphone
There you go
I guess my experiment worked out perfectly
I haven't even gotten to the worst part yet
Oh no, no
Take us to the worst
The horror story kids, come on
Use both
Okay, I'm sorry
Like a ball joke in there
But I don't know what to say
You gotta wait in the fuck up when you're around here
Okay, so I went off
Ambien, I tapered off
I tapered off my dose
Which is what you're supposed to do
You tapered off your dose
You know, like tape less and less
And then until I was finally off of it
And I had a couple nights where I didn't sleep at all
But when you're an insomniac
You're used to that, like that's kid stuff, right?
And then this other symptom
Started all of a sudden, this withdrawal symptom
Where
So
You know how you drift off, there's a name for this state
Which I can't remember, but you know when you drift off to sleep
There's that state in between
Conscious and unconscious
Yeah, it's like
Hypogargic or something
Hypnip jerk
Hypnogargic
It's called really tired
That state
You know how people get hypnip
It's called the taint, I think
I'm tainty
I'm not in the balls of wakefulness
Nor the anus hole
All right
So
You know how when you fall asleep
Everybody gets this once in a while
That thing where you're in that state
And you get that feeling that you're falling and you wake up
Hypnip jerks
Yeah, okay, hypnip jerks, right?
Hypnip
It's the name of my punk band
She's crazy guys, take it easy
So
I started getting this thing where
I was fall asleep and as soon as I would hit that state
I would get a surge of adrenaline and I wake up
And the thing is
It happens every single time
So as I lay there
For the whole night, every single time
Which is roughly every 10 minutes
Every time I get tired enough to drift off to sleep
I get a surge of adrenaline
Which feels like getting an epi-pen injection
Which I know from allergies
And it hurts after a while
And so you wake up
Throughout the night again and again
You don't get any sleep
You keep getting adrenaline rushes
And then it keeps happening like every night
All right
Well
Silver lining
It has
Tranquilized
But if you can sleep and I can just watch you sleep
That'll be enough for me
All right, well
Sorry, thanks for listening
No, thank you for sharing your
Sounds
Terrific
It was a good story, but this is the park west
We need to entertain people here
Let's do a little dance like you did
Yeah, dance it baby
Fight, how about a cat fight
Let's have a hand for Camilla
Everybody, thank you
All right
Okay
That social cue is not universal
What's the karma battery?
The other day I was thinking
It's
How does the karma battery work?
All right, Camilla
You go back to
Enjoy the rest of the show, Camilla
And where I want to do another thing
Where
You stay here, Camille
Camille, yeah
I still want to find the anti-camille
Okay
Who's called Camilla out there?
All right, you know what
Yeah, come on up, sorry
Yeah
Trying to sell tickets here
I know
This guy
He's got the weight of the world on his shoulders
I hope you know how to dance
Oh, okay, here, sorry
You don't have to look for it
All right, what's your name, sir?
My name is Sean
Tell us about your evening
Say hi to Spencer
Hey, Spencer
My evening is going all right
I loved hearing how everything
Was really inspiring
For you
Everything that's happened with this show
Was really inspiring for you
And it was kind of like
It was kind of like that for me
When your show first started
When this podcast first started
The thing that amazed me the most about it
Was that you and Jeff
Never quit
If you're a freestyle
Or whatever didn't work, you just kept going
And you never gave up
And it was you and Aaron
Sorry, and you guys never stopped
And I was just meeting
I was just meeting
The woman that I would marry
And I was like
Oh my god, this guy never stops
It's like sometimes it gets difficult
And sometimes it gets embarrassing
And sad, but he never stops
This is amazing
No matter how fat he gets
Or how unfunny he is
Or how gross everyone thinks he is
How much everyone hates him
And then it stopped
And it's not your fault
Of course it's not your fault
It's like
Something was really sad about that
Man, something made me
Really sad
They're turning against you
Because what you and Aaron had going
It seemed to mirror
My relationship so perfectly
Leave them alone, Camilla
And
I just thought it was amazing
And then some changed
And I just, I guess I don't know how to
I shouldn't have this much investment
In your life at all
Are you saying the podcast got worse
When...
No, he's saying
He's saying your desperation
To be funny is kind of
Sad and...
Like I'm saying
There's been times
When I believe
That what I was doing could work
Because you always made it work
You always made it work
You never stopped
He never stops
He gets exhausted
You're disillusioned by my
Disillusioned by your divorce
And that's completely unfair
It's completely unfair
Never stopping isn't a good...
I have bipolar disorder
And sometimes I go really, really fast
Because I get in like a manic episode
And it feels really good while it's happening
But also you gotta stop sometimes
Right before the other poll
It isn't good for you
If you're bipolar
Just do the one poll
It's cheating
It seems like cheating
But it's not good for you
Because eventually you have to
Find like a middle ground
Well, I mean
Obviously in some ways
I failed a lot with this experiment
But
In a lot of ways I did not at all
I did not at all
No
You're like this Tesla coil
Excitement
You're like I fucking everything
I nailed it tonight
I just wanted some Oscar the Grouch to come up and go
Well, the line was too long
And
The cookies had raisins
And I don't like raisins
And it's dumb of me to be a control freak
And think that I can like paint
With human fucking souls
And I'm afraid that I'm never gonna make it
Now
Because of
What you just did tonight
You damaged something
No
I feel like I invested too much
Maybe emotionally in your show
Into my show
Into my marriage with Aaron
If that can't work then why
Because they said it would work
That marriage was built on paper and mush
It was nothing
I was there mother fuckers
You were
I remember
When Aaron said where you guys
Had your registry
So I sent
I bought a gift off your registry
I never gave a name to it
But I bought a gift off your registry
Just because I appreciated what you put out
That's why you wait a year before you buy a wedding gift
Should I go?
That's the tradition
Please come on
Look
I'm glad you brought this up
I mean
Of course I'm gonna think about that too
I got married for 11 months
And then I got divorced
What the fuck does that even mean
I thought marriage meant something
How could you be married for 11 months
If it means something
The fact that
We never talk shit about each other
The fact that we were on the same team
Like got married
Didn't find out that
Marriage was
Our best form together
And just went
I bid you adieu
And that we're not
Stabbing each other in the face
I think it's a
Sorry Spencer
What? Oh sorry
I'm sorry
I was checking my phone
I mean nobody gets married thinking
They're gonna get divorced
The first rate is like 85%
And I'm like
I do think
Not us honey
I could see definitely
I've been in relationships with people
When we've had weird totem couples
And those people break up
Woody Allen makes movies about that shit
Where it's like oh they broke up
What does that mean about us
Like
Fucking people
Divorce is the fucking best thing
People fucking stay together
Ingmar Bergman
Directed this
Six
Episode series
Called Scenes from a Marriage
And he said the best thing that happened
Was after that aired the divorce rate
Fucking skyrocketed
In Sweden because people weren't making each other
Miserable in their kids
And divorce is great and we should
Just get the fuck
My high horse about divorce
No it's great
I'm glad you guys are friends
And it's not a sad event
It's great
But it doesn't mean
That love doesn't exist
That's the mistake that we make
Say what?
He said focus on science
Focus on science
Probably a Rick and Morty reference
Or something
Are those mutually exclusive really?
Is that where we're going?
Yeah it's love or science
Speaking of science
Look what I discovered
You could like do this with mics
Have you guys been watching porn
With each other by the way?
Does this remind you of porn?
Oh yeah I'm sorry
Okay so what was your name?
Newsy
Your name was not Newsy
It's Sean right?
Sean?
This is bullying
I was bullying you
I'm rubbing off on you I think
I bullied you
He's been bullied
Sean
Camille
Stay there
I want to break your soul
You want to break my soul?
It's going to be hard
People say that I'm like a Morty
You're pointing at your friend
Or are you pointing at yourself
Did you ask her up or she just came out?
She's got a little bit of both
What's your name?
Trisha, okay so do you think you have
The anti-camille?
I had an emotional bad day
So I'm divorced
Yeah
It's been a little while
He's getting remarried
We have three girls together
But he's having another
He had a baby already
He's about to be two
As I'm standing in line to this wonderful show
Where I'm super excited and never got to see you
Been trying to see you for a year and a half
Didn't get to
As I'm in line
The stepmom texts me that
She's pregnant and having another baby
And they're buying this big gorgeous
Home somewhere in town
And so I was like okay
My children get to live with you
You get to have this big house
And my marriage was really bad
So
And now he's like
And he is actually really sweet to her
And he treats her really well
And I was like well that could have been my family
So where's my big house
And where's my extra babies
They still love my thunder
I don't know what the
I was the
Before wife and now she gets
The good part of
It's a gamble baby
You pulled out too soon
Why is she texting you
You guys have that kind of relationship
He texts me anything that you think might
Psychologically
I'm having a really good night
We get along for the most part
For the kids
Let's play catchphrase
We just stick around as a family
She started throwing weird shit at me
Look how big my house is
I don't think she realizes
The rude things
There's random times where she's just like
Oh well
She told me she ain't been called out
I'm too nice
I am
She has the weird stabs at me
It's a week to make these decisions
They're my kids
So tonight was another thing
Look at our big giant house
By the way, I'm having another baby
I feel like this is compatible
You had this great night
You're like Amy Poehler
Inside out
I'm Mr. Sunshine Pants
Yes, exactly
And you're Blueberry
But whatever
I watched the movie
Maybe half a time
Honestly, I think Anomalyza should
Yeah, we're not going to get that
Anomalyza should have won the Golden Globe
Really, honestly
If you're out there
And you're voting for the Oscars
I just want to ask you
If a movie takes
800 people to make
Come on, how good can it be
We only used
113 people
And look back into the 90s
The fucking Herman's Head
Yeah, Jesus Christ
It's such a fucking trope
Come on, stop
You didn't hear that shit from me
I want that Oscar, man
Nothing's more important than the world
Your name was Trisha
Trisha
Had nothing to do with the venue
Obviously what we've learned tonight
Is that this place is awesome
Maybe happier
Because no one has any stories about
Having to wait for anything
Off of the sidewalk
I didn't mean to
Come on, that's a terrible way
To end the show
I just want to suck some of your energy
I'm sorry
Not any of yours
I want to suck some of your energy
And give it to her
That's it, that's all I'm going to do
How are you going to do that
What's your social security number?
Last four numbers
Four, three
Four, three, two, one
Four, three, two, three
Four, three, two, six
Social security number going into
This loved one right now
It goes into you
You're going to forget about all of that
All of that man that done you wrong
That done man done you wrong
And now that's
Your happiness is leaving your head
You're a little less happy
But you're a little more happy
You're both just equal out
Then we're just pacified
Up your version, Mary and the Count
Capitalism
It works
Camille and Tricia
Give them a big hand
I mean
Yeah
Yeah, I know, I know, it's not your fault
Yeah, no, yes, go ahead, go leave
Oh, yeah, yeah, I'm sorry
We didn't take any of your joy away
It's that time where
You always sing the sad version
Of Beethoven's poop in your butt
No, it's that time when we
Recount the things that we've learned
But also, Spencer, were we
It's that time where you reject Dino's way
Of getting out of the show
Wasn't there a game that we
We're running, we're running, we're running
Overtime, I don't know
We don't have much time
Isn't Dave Friedel here?
Yeah, Dave Friedel's here
You have time?
I mean, we have a cutoff
What's the time?
It's a second to the cutoff
No, we have 15 minutes
I don't know, I love Dave Friedel
Bring Friedel up here
We owe these people a show
He might not want to come
Yeah, he doesn't have to, who cares
I doubt it, he's coming
I guess he's on the second floor
That guy's going to the bar
My name is Friedel
I'm coming from the second floor
He's coming down the stairs
House lights up, please
There he is
He's in the checkered
David Friedel, everyone
Harmon's best friend from Milwaukee
Has he been on the show before?
We should probably meet some of the
I couldn't hear you
What's your name, sir?
I'm Bob
Colin
What do you do for a living?
Nothing
How do you know when you're finished?
It actually worked
He said the setup
What do you do for a living?
I'm a writer
You know because you finish writing
What do you do for a living?
I work on websites for the government
You probably know
You probably know when you're finished
It's for kids with autism
Congratulations
You fucking throng of shit fucks
And just add
No one will ever look it up
Tell them it's transgender autistics
They're going through a lot of ideas
Dude, Jeff, way to go
Big nuts
What do you do for a living?
Your mom
How do you
All right
Come on, Chicago
How do you
Wait, no
No one does my mom
No
I'm in control
I'm in control of this room
I ask you again, madam
What do you do?
Sir, I was just trying to tell you my honest
Occupation, I do it your mother
What? No
No
I don't know
It's a theater town
Are you going to be Oprah
And interview Friedel from there?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Friedel
Wait
Just give me one second
What's your name, sir? I'm Dave
Dave, how do you know when you're finished?
What's your name? Harry Charles
Harry Charles, all right
Fucking specific
For real
Just told you his name
That's not
What?
All right, just give me
What do you do, sir?
I tell people when they're finished
How do you
Wait, well take me through
Your normal work day
So you know there's a start
Right
What do you do first thing in the morning?
Jerk off
And then when you finish
With that you tell people
When they're finished
You go to bed the rest of the day
And eventually get out of bed
All right
Sorry about that
Hey, what is everybody
From here to here do?
How do you know when you're finished?
All right
Chicago
Come on, you little scamp
Who are all you people?
There's so many of you
All right
So, all right, let's do this
Let's finish the show in the best way
Possible
And it's not on me if it's bad
Armed combat
There are
Two weapons under two of those
Stools
We're gonna play it
Dave's getting a head start
We're gonna play a new experimental
Game
Okay, so
Have you guys ever heard of a game
Called Super Fight?
Nope
So here's the deal
Have you ever played apples to apples?
Yes
You keep yelling at each other
All right
What's gonna happen is you're gonna have cards
That represent fighters
And they're gonna fight
But you guys are gonna have to apples to apples
To argue why your fighter is gonna win this fight
Okay
So normally we gotta get like a consensus
But maybe we can like use the audience
As like the judge
Of who wins
Tino's
I was texting, where are we doing something?
No, I think
Let's just try a two-way fight
Between the two of you
Oh, I'm not in it
Okay, I'm gonna go take a shit
All right
So which of you guys
Dan, pick a white card
And a black card, and that will form your fighter
Okay, and then Friedel, you do the same
We only have
A bit of time
So these are characters
And then they're gonna have attributes
And we're gonna see
Who's winning the fight
And you guys gotta really be comedic
Otherwise it's not gonna work
No, I mean
Who cares
All right, so Dan, you go first
Who's your fighter?
A crocodile hunter
Who is a hoarder
Versus
A queen armed with a sniper rifle
So, okay
Who would win in a fight
Between a crocodile hunter
Who's a hoarder
And a queen with a sniper rifle
Well, they gotta argue first
They gotta argue
Let's hear them yell at each other
I will bring down the monarchy on you
I hunt crocodiles
So when I hoard
What I'm hoarding are crocodiles
So I'm like always
Even when I'm at my least functional
I'm surrounded by
One of the most terrifying beasts
I'm a queen with a sniper rifle
I can shoot you from afar
Well, you can shoot a wall of crocodiles
From afar
I will have hoarded them
That's what you'll see
I will have hoarded crocodiles
I hunt and hoard crocodiles
But they are slow-moving, right?
They can be dead
Their skin is thick
Can they climb well?
They stack well
I'm hoarding them
I'm not
Relying on them to do my bidding
I'm hoarding them
Carcasses and all
Whatever, I don't have any reloads
On this sniper rifle
But I imagine I can take you out from afar
That's a good point
You could shoot him before he unleashes the crocodiles
You're just
Hiding out watching that crocodile shed
But I assume that this
This conflict is happening
At a moment subsequent to me
Being identifiable as a hoarder
Of crocodiles
Which means
That
I am already fortified
With crocodile flesh
Any closing arguments?
I got nothing
Whatever
I got a sniper rifle
I'm a coward
I'm the queen and the coward
Dan?
I do one thing
During the day
I hunt crocodiles
I do one thing at night
I aggregate
Crocodiles
I live in a fucking
Like
Cocoon of crocodile hide
So
Okay, so
Let's do this by applause
Who thinks the crocodile hunter wins?
And who thinks the queen
With the sniper rifle wins?
That actually sounds kind of
I got to give the edge to the queen
With the sniper rifle
Okay, alright
I feel like the sniper rifle
The boys are
And I feel like there's a special place in hell
For you, if you
So that's a fair point
And I think a lot of people would agree
With you and say that
Even if there's no evidence of it whatsoever
But let's
Do you guys want to do another round?
We could do one more round
Alright
Did Gino really look
Like Dan, you pick another fighter
Alright
So what happens now is
We got Dino
Now you pick another fighter
Who you can try and beat a queen
Armed with a sniper rifle
Because that's the fight
You see?
Dino
Dino, what were you doing?
What were you doing?
He doesn't like games
I wasn't listening
I had to pick another
I got another
Go for it
What is it?
I'm an evil doll
Covered in eyes
Okay
So that's taken on
The reigning champion of queen
So a doll
An evil doll?
Full of eyes, covered in eyes
Covered in eyes
So
So now argue about that
You have this still
You got to keep this, it's the winner
You're the winner, you won
I won, but
No, no
This is all good
You're just still being the same thing
Yeah, it's like a winner
It's like real fighting
It's like an entertaining game
Are we still at the park west?
Yeah
Well
I feel like
My sniper rifle will crush you
Because you work in the sniper
Sniper field
That you are somehow
Accountable
To
Evil
I as an agent of evil
Can probably pull strings
From above you
He's got an evil doll card
No cheating
Like, aren't you
As a sniper, aren't you just a gun for hire?
Don't you just snipe?
Essentially, I'm a Zen Wolf
Yeah, that's what I do
Done and done
I'm also the queen
I have an entire nation behind me
Supporting me as a sniper
I'm covered in eyes
And each eye is dedicated to
Evil
Which
Traditionally is
Has intelligence
And articulation at its
Disposal
Three minute warning
I mean, you're a queen
You're
What do you mean?
No secrets
It's a goddamn show
No cheating
He's asking me if he can do stuff
I think that means I won, right?
I'm an evil doll covered in eyes
I'm gonna be a queen
Sniper rifle
I make you hate yourself
I make you
I see everything
That you should hate
You fall down the stairs and you die
Doesn't matter what you are
I'm an evil doll covered in eyes
I see everything
I see your weird thoughts
About all kinds of
Underage people
I've seen everything
I'm a
Evil doll with eyes
I like that underage gets an O
He didn't say sex anywhere
No, I'm saying I see
I've seen it
I've seen your evil
You can see through the queen
Let's just put it to a vote
Evil doll covered in eyes
Who wins?
All right, and a queen with a sniper rifle
I don't know
I feel like a tie
I think that was a tie
I gotta say
One minute warning
All right
Rap battle about a doll with eyes
Rap it up, battle!
Who's the best rapper?
Who's the best rapper in Chicago?
You're the best rapper in Chicago?
All right
We need a beatboxer
Or we can trade off if you want to trade off
Yeah, let's just do it
You want to start? I'll beatbox for you
I'm going to start at a unit
However you're comfortable
Oh, oh, shit
Oh, oh, oh, shit
Oh, yo, yo
Yo, yo, yo
To the mic comes the king of mics
My name is Dan Harmon
Psyche, my name is Daniel
Last name Harmonious
I fucked your mama
I was felonious
That means I stole her pussy
I fucked your mama so hard
Your daddy came in shushy
That's a new adjective
That means he was
Like going shh
Yeah
He was
And that your daddy was
shh
But I fucked your mama and your daddy was
I fucked your daddy
Your daddy was
shh
I fucked
Fuck
So, Dan, you see your fuck
My mama was like
Oh, my god, does he even have a slon?
Can he see it there?
Can he see it through his underwear?
Oh, no, oh, no, I am scared
I got Dan Harmon singing
He's fucking my mama and my papa going
shh
I don't want to disturb them
I don't know what they're doing fucking and stuff
Because then it's just walking around
Dan fucking my mama
Oh, Dan fucking my mama
He's doing it so hard
And there's never a comma
He doesn't pause, he doesn't stop
He doesn't ever skip a beat
He's Dan Harmon
This motherfucker's so neat
He's Dan Harmon fucking mamas
He fucked him in the mouth
You know where he fucked him
North, east, west, and south
All right
What's your name?
Sean
The second Sean on stage tonight
That's Harmontown, everyone
All right, Chicago
Uh
Yeah
Where are we going?
Where are we going to drink?
We
Okay, where are we going?
Do you want to announce where we're going?
Uh
I'm
I don't think they have enough seats
Okay, yeah
I made a reservation for 10
Uh
There's a reservation for 10 at
Shakies
There are no shakies
I never know how to end the shows
You guys are amazing, thank you so much
Go fuck yourself
Thank you so much
It's amazing that you came out
Uh
I can't believe it
Yeah
I don't know what to say
I don't know what to do
What are you doing?
Don't you ever fucking do that again
Don't you ever do that
Oh shit, it's a mic still on
All right
Thank you
People are getting up good
Get out of here
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show